this is the first look of the code when we run the program

((((((((((((((Student Management System)))))))))))))))))
0. Register new student
1. Search Student
2. Update Student Name
3. Update Student GPA
4. Delete Student Information
5. count and display total number of students
6. count total number of male and female students
7. display  name and departement of top scored students for each departement       
8. display  name and departement of top scored female students for each departement
9. list names of students who scored greater than a given gpa
10. show frequent student names
11. show total number of students of each departement
12. EXIT

example 1 when we register new students

Enter your choice (0-12): 0    # since we want to register student we select 0

 Student Registration Form 
Enter the number of students: 2   here we input the number of students we want to register
Enter student id : 1            student id
Enter student name: abebe       student name
Enter student GPA: 3            students grade
Enter the department: cs        student departement
Enter student gender (male/female):       male   student gender
Registered successfully.
Enter student id : 2         second student id
Enter student name: almaz     name
Enter student GPA: 4           grade
Enter the department: cs       deparetment
Enter student gender (male/female): female            gender
Registered successfully. 

Explanation:
In this example, we choose option 0 from the menu to register new students. We input that we want to register 2 students. Then we provide the details for each student, including ID, name, GPA, department, and gender. The program processes the input and registers the students successfully, confirming with the "Registered successfully" message.


Example 2: Search Student
Enter your choice (0-12): 1
Enter student ID: 1
____student found____
Name: abebe
Gender: male
GPA: 3.0
Explanation:
Here, we choose option 1 from the menu to search for a student. We input the ID of the student we want to search for (1 in this case). The program finds the student with that ID in the database and displays their information, including name, gender, and GPA.


Example 3: Update Student Name
Enter your choice (0-12): 2
Enter student ID: 1
Enter the corrected New Name: kebede
Data of student 1 updated successfully.

Explanation:
In this example, we select option 2 from the menu to update a student's name. We provide the student ID we want to update along with the corrected new name. The program finds the student with the given ID, updates their name to "kebede," and confirms the successful update.


example 4 count and display students

Enter your choice (0-12): 5
Student database:

ID: 1
Name: abebe
Gender: male
Department: cs
GPA: 3.0

ID: 2
Name: almaz
Gender: female
Department: cs
GPA: 4.0

Total number of students is : 2

Explanation:
User Input: we chooses option 5 to count and display the total number of students.
Expected Output: The program reads the student database and displays the information for each student, including ID, name, gender, department, and GPA. After displaying all student information, it prints the total number of students in the database, which is 2 in this case.

example 5 delete a student information
Enter your choice (0-12): 4
Enter student ID to delete: 1
Student with ID 1 has been deleted successfully.

Explanation:
User Input: we chooses option 4 to delete student information.
Program Prompt: The program prompts the user to enter the student ID they want to delete.
User Input: we inputs the student ID (1) of the student we want to delete.
Expected Output: The program finds the student with ID 1 in the database and deletes their information, confirming the successful deletion with the message "Student with ID 1 has been deleted successfully."


example 6  count total number of male and female students
Enter your choice (0-12): 6
 Input Student Gender male/female : female
the Total number of students who are female is : 1
explanation : this menu allow us to count total number of male and female students that are found,so since we have only one female student the number of female student is 1.


